
## January 26, 2023

Today, I worked on:

- Finish front end questions page instructor quote, victory page
- Connecting FE pieces together
- Finalize and merge Unit Tests
- Adding more graphics
- Start working on “Read ME”

Today we had all our front end completed so we could finally piece them together. We even merged our unit tests and started working on our Read Me.

## January 25, 2023

Today, I worked on:

- Added user id to character creation on the back end
- Created FE character selection page
- Added select a character FE with proper navigation
- Finished FE for maps
- Finished writing unit tests
- Worked on front end  styling for campground, navigation, character selection  and character creation
- Generated images for backgrounds and icons

Today we implemented the id to character creation and created a page in the front end where users can select the character they want to play after they have created them. We initially hadn't though of how the users were going to choose the character they were going to use if they had multiple but now with a character selection page they are able to save all the characters they have made and even select different ones to play on. Today we even finished all of our unit testing.

## January 24, 2023

Today, I worked on:

- Refactored character FE to utilize RTK Query
- Worked on answering questions FE (almost done)
- FE Styling
- Worked on Maps
- MR for front-end Auth (login/logout, signup) with RTK Query
- Finished protecting all Backend points and did merge request
- Discussed Redux/RTK/Query
- Deployment working with front end talking to backend

Today we refactored the character front end to utilize redux tool kit query. After adding RTK we were able to change 20 lines of code to just 2. We also are mow able to make global variables were we could now save the character id after a user selects it in a variable and use that for the functionality of the game. We also did a lot of FE styling.

## January 23, 2023

Today, I worked on:

- Finishing auth for front and back-end
- Planning on writing unit tests
- Completing all of the front-end React components
- Planning on writing the readme

Today the authentication for the front and back-end was completed so I started working on implementing the characters connecting to the users account. The plan was to use the token generated by the log in to get the users id which was unique. Using that the user would create a character that was connected to the user id and that way we would be able to track all the characters by the user and the user would be able to create multiple characters.

## January 20, 2023

Today, I worked on:

- MR for retrieving and updating quests
- Discussed Redux/RTK for front end
- Deployed backend to Caprover

Today we discussed redux and redux toolkit for the frontend. This was going to make our job a lot easier and the functionality of our game mode fluid.

## January 19, 2023

Today, I worked on:

- Finished connecting all the relational tables
- Completed FE Character creation/form including styling (but not merged)
- Continued working on authorization ( we have it done for the most part but still need to protect all endpoints)
- Discussed flow of maps as a group
- Read more on Git and FastAPI query parameters

Today we connected all relational tables together so the tables and models function the way it was intended. I continued working on the character creation form and did a little bit of styling to make it look like the wireframe.

## January 18, 2023

Today, I worked on:

- Characters create with class reference
- Characters update with img_url
- Discussed quests endpoint with instructor reference
- Discussed auth and users microservice
- Started create a character FE and map FE

Today we finally linked the characters with the classes so by inputting a class id it would choose a different class for the character. The classes do not have functionality yet but we plan to do something with that in the future. We also updated the image url links to have th ecorrect pictures. After that the backend was pretty much complete for my part so I got started on creating the character creation forms.

## January 17, 2023

Today, I worked on:

- 3 Merge requests (GET questions, GET maps, CRUD characters)
- Worked on Users endpoints (pair programming)
- Discussed strategies for handling update method

Toady we completed multiple merge requests for our endpoints. We even pair programmed and worked on setting up the users endpoints for creating an account. Later on in the day we had encountered a problem where we needed to figure out the functionality of the characters and we decided to handle them with the update method backend on the characters where we would be able to send an api call and change the health, currency, quest, and image of the characters.

## January 13, 2023

Today, I worked on:

- Worked on multiple endpoints (GET characters, GET questions, UPDATE characters, Auth, Inventories/shops)
- Reviewed pgAdmin setup
- Discussed maps for the game
- Resolved pipeline issues on git

Today we continued working on our endpoints. We started getting most of our endpoints completed and reviewed pgAdmin setup where we are able to see our models and tables. Later on in the day we discussed how our map for the game was going to function. At the end of the day we figured out and resolved our pipeine issues on git using linters.

## January 12, 2023

Today, I worked on:

- successfully complete and submit our first merge request.
- ensuring that our work is integrated with the main branch
- reviewed each other’s issues and solved any merge request problems that may arise.
- we have created an example database to demonstrate one of our features.

Today after reviewing our git lab workflow yesterday had successfully completed our first merge request. We have all our work integrated into the main branch and have made multiple feature branches which branches off main. We also worked together to review the workflow and help solve git questions as they arise.

## January 11, 2023

Today, I worked on:

- Continued working on modeling 3 tables (maps, quests, and questions)
- Continued coding endpoints and finished one
- Heavily reviewed Git and feature branch development workflow

Today as a group we finished up modeling our tables and we completed the character endpoints. We also reviewed our git lab workflow.

## January 10, 2023

Today, I worked on:

- Continue modeling models/tables
- Continue Coding endpoints

Today we continued working on modeling our tables and creating our endpoints. I have created get calls where players can get the character by user id and another get call by getting the character by chracter id. Players are able to make multiple characters so having a get call to fetch all the characters by user id is crucial. Getting character by character id is also important due to the specific character is related to the functionality of the whole game.

## January 9, 2023

Today, I worked on:

- Continue modeling models/tables
- Started coding endpoints

Today we continued working on modeling our tables and creating our endpoints. I have created a post api call where players can now make a character.

## January 6, 2023

Today, I worked on:

- Continue modeling models/tables
- Transfer Story Issues to GitLab
- Initiate coding endpoints

Today we continued working on our models and tables and finally transfered our stories and issues onto gitlab. We even started implementing out endpoints. I am working on the character endpoints and I have started doing so.

## January 5, 2023

Today, I worked on:

- Transferred finalized stories/issues from Excalidraw to git lab and assigned them to each group member.
- Worked on modeling tables

Today we finished finalizing our story issues from exalidraw. We initially had all of our stories and issues written up on excalidraw and plan to transfer them onto gitlab.

## January 4, 2023

Today, I worked on:

- Creating Initial models for characters
- Solidifying Designations
- Finished project set up
- Implemented pgAdmin
- Confirm DB type/scheme

Today was the start of creating our projects and we had decided we wanted to make a text based game. We started by dividing up the work and designations and started our initial models. We also did our setup and implemented pgAdmin. In addition to all of that we even decided we were going to use PostgreSQL instead of MongoDB due to most of our tables being relational.
